README.md, before:

# Job scanner with alert telegram notification

## Table of Contents
- [📜 Description](#description)
- [🧰 Required settings and dependencies](#dependencies)
- [⚙️ Job scanner configuration](#configuration)
- [▶️ How to start the scanner](#how-to-start)
- [🎥 Demo how it works](#demo)

<a name="description"></a>
## 📜 Description: 
#### The scanner has a `MongoDB` based storage for previously viewed job posts to prevent duplicate notifications. It will only send notifications for *new job postings*.

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## 🧰 Required settings and dependencies:
* Install the [**Docker Compose**](https://docs.docker.com/compose/gettingstarted) 

 *No additional installations or configurations are required on your computer.*
 
This means it operates independently of your technology stack and doesn't add any unnecessary bloat to your system.

<a name="configuration"></a>
## ⚙️ Job scanner configuration: 
* Define the list of required keywords to match when parsing the job title in `JOB_KEYWORDS` `config/default.json`
* Set Telegram bot token. `TELEGRAM.TOKEN` `config/default.json`| [**How to generate the TOKEN**](https://medium.com/geekculture/generate-telegram-token-for-bot-api-d26faf9bf064)
* Set id of the Telegram chat to send job alerts to. `TELEGRAM.CHAT_ID` `config/default.json`| Don't forget to add the bot to this chat.
* Extend the Job Sites list by the required ones in `config/jobSites.json`. Note: `jobTitleSelector` - css selector of the job post title.
If there is some anti bot system except captcha, enable flag `antiBotCheck` and the Job Scanner will parse it anyway by FakeBrowser.
* It scans sites each 30 minutes. The interval parameter could be configured in `SCAN_INTERVAL_MINUTES` `config/default.json`.

<a name="how-to-start"></a>
## ▶️ How to start the scanner:
* run `docker compose up`
* If you have changed some data, but the scanner is already running. Then stop it and restart it by rebuilding `docker-compose up --build --force-recreate`

<a name="demo"></a>
## 🎥 Demo how it works
![ Scanner in work](scannerInWork.gif)

Commit message:

DOC: add  table "technologies and libraries used"

README.md, after:

# Job scanner with alert telegram notification

## Table of Contents
- [📜 Description](#description)
- [🧰 Required settings and dependencies](#dependencies)
- [⚙️ Job scanner configuration](#configuration)
- [▶️ How to start the scanner](#how-to-start)
- [🎥 Demo how it works](#demo)

<a name="description"></a>
## 📜 Description: 
#### The scanner has a `MongoDB` based storage for previously viewed job posts to prevent duplicate notifications. It will only send notifications for *new job postings*.

#### <p style="text-align: center;">Technologies and Libraries Used</p>

| Telegram integration                   | Viewed job posts storage            | Bot HTTP client                  | Parsing HTML                       | Browser with user context, in case of anti-bot system | Control the browser and parse, in case of anti-bot system | Containerization & Orchestration                   |
|----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|----------------------------------|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| [telegraf](https://telegraf.js.org/#/) | [mongodb](https://www.mongodb.com/) | [axios](https://axios-http.com/) | [cheerio](https://cheerio.js.org/) | [fakebrowser](https://www.fakebrowser.com/)           | [puppeteer](https://pptr.dev/)                            | [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) |


<a name="dependencies"></a>
## 🧰 Required settings and dependencies:
* Install the [**Docker Compose**](https://docs.docker.com/compose/gettingstarted) 

 *No additional installations or configurations are required on your computer.*
 
This means it operates independently of your technology stack and doesn't add any unnecessary bloat to your system.

<a name="configuration"></a>
## ⚙️ Job scanner configuration: 
* Define the list of required keywords to match when parsing the job title in `JOB_KEYWORDS` `config/default.json`
* Set Telegram bot token. `TELEGRAM.TOKEN` `config/default.json`| [**How to generate the TOKEN**](https://medium.com/geekculture/generate-telegram-token-for-bot-api-d26faf9bf064)
* Set id of the Telegram chat to send job alerts to. `TELEGRAM.CHAT_ID` `config/default.json`| Don't forget to add the bot to this chat.
* Extend the Job Sites list by the required ones in `config/jobSites.json`. Note: `jobTitleSelector` - css selector of the job post title.
If there is some anti bot system except captcha, enable flag `antiBotCheck` and the Job Scanner will parse it anyway by FakeBrowser.
* It scans sites each 30 minutes. The interval parameter could be configured in `SCAN_INTERVAL_MINUTES` `config/default.json`.

<a name="how-to-start"></a>
## ▶️ How to start the scanner:
* run `docker compose up`
* If you have changed some data, but the scanner is already running. Then stop it and restart it by rebuilding `docker-compose up --build --force-recreate`

<a name="demo"></a>
## 🎥 Demo how it works
![ Scanner in work](scannerInWork.gif)
